README.md, before:

# PTgen

Create and evaluate probabilistic transcriptions (PT's) of speech recordings
generated by mismatched crowdsourcing, i.e., by a large number of people
who do not speak that recording's language.

The technique is described in this [ICASSP paper](http://www.isle.illinois.edu/sst/pubs/2016/liu16icassp.pdf), and also in this [AAAI paper](http://www.ifp.illinois.edu/~pjyothi/files/AAAI2015.pdf).

# How to build on Ubuntu

Install [OpenFST](http://www.openfst.org/), [Carmel](http://www.isi.edu/licensed-sw/carmel), and at least the `compute-wer` executable of [Kaldi](https://github.com/kaldi-asr/kaldi).

```
git clone https://github.com/ws15code/PTgen
cd src
make
```

# How to create and test PT's

Edit the settings file, e.g. `settings_sample`.
- Set `nparallel` to 1 or 2 fewer than the number of your computer's CPU cores.
- Ensure that `startstage=1`.
- Make sure all the required files within `$DATA` exist.

`run.sh settings_sample`

If you encounter errors and fix them, you can save time by starting `run.sh` partway through:
change `startstage` to one past the last completed stage.

Commit message:

explain how Makefile prompts for OpenFST's location

README.md, after:

# PTgen

Create and evaluate probabilistic transcriptions (PT's) of speech recordings
generated by mismatched crowdsourcing, i.e., by a large number of people
who do not speak that recording's language.

The technique is described in this [ICASSP paper](http://www.isle.illinois.edu/sst/pubs/2016/liu16icassp.pdf), and also in this [AAAI paper](http://www.ifp.illinois.edu/~pjyothi/files/AAAI2015.pdf).

# How to build on Ubuntu

Install [OpenFST](http://www.openfst.org/), [Carmel](http://www.isi.edu/licensed-sw/carmel), and at least the `compute-wer` executable of [Kaldi](https://github.com/kaldi-asr/kaldi).

```
git clone https://github.com/ws15code/PTgen
cd src
make
```

The first time you `make`, you'll be asked to enter the location of OpenFST's file `fst/compat.h`.
This is usually the directory `/usr/local/include`.  If that fails, instead try one of the results from the command `locate fst/compat.h`.

# How to create and test PT's

Edit the settings file, e.g. `settings_sample`.
- Set `nparallel` to 1 or 2 fewer than the number of your computer's CPU cores.
- Ensure that `startstage=1`.
- Make sure all the required files within `$DATA` exist.

`run.sh settings_sample`

If you encounter errors and fix them, you can save time by starting `run.sh` partway through:
change `startstage` to one past the last completed stage.
